---
layout: 2cents-layout
title: The Song
description:
author: Jessica Christie
featured: true
categories: 2cents
featured_image: /images/the-song.jpg
seo:
    title: The Song
    description:
    social_image:
    url:
    keywords:
    hide-from-google: false
---
##### 100 Years by Five for Fighting

<div>
    <iframe width="100%" height="166" scrolling="no" frameborder="no" allow="autoplay" src="https://w.soundcloud.com/player/?url=https%3A//api.soundcloud.com/tracks/188714007&color=%23d85838&auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&show_teaser=true"></iframe>
    <div style="font-size: 10px; color: #cccccc;line-break: anywhere;word-break: normal;overflow: hidden;white-space: nowrap;text-overflow: ellipsis; font-family: Interstate,Lucida Grande,Lucida Sans Unicode,Lucida Sans,Garuda,Verdana,Tahoma,sans-serif;font-weight: 100;"><a href="https://soundcloud.com/fiveforfighting" title="Five For Fighting" target="_blank" style="color: #cccccc; text-decoration: none;">Five For Fighting</a> · <a href="https://soundcloud.com/fiveforfighting/100-years" title="100 Years" target="_blank" style="color: #cccccc; text-decoration: none;">100 Years</a></div>
</div>

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Such a great song that makes me think deeply about everything.

Life…

How time goes by in a blink of an eye… and everything is just a memory.

&nbsp;

Makes you think about all the things you’ve done - all the things you could have done. How everything could be different.

Makes you think about all the good and bad things that happened in your life.

Makes you wonder whether life could have gone differently if only you were wiser.

Makes you wonder if only you fought harder,

everything would be different.

If only…

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

What have you done in your life?

Does your life have a meaning?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Every day is a new day…

Every breath you take is another year passing.

If you only have 100 years to live, how would you live your life?

Would you waste it?

Or would you make it meaningful?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Tell me… what is the meaning of your life?

Does your life means something for others?

How many lives have you changed?

Or is it your life that needed a change?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

When you finally wake up from your dream, you’ve already lost so many years of your life. And you’re gonna live the rest of your life chasing those years that have gone by - just counting the ways to where your true happiness is…

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Will you keep dreaming?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

What’s your deepest regret in your life?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Do you regret?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

If you could turn back time, what would you change?

If you could turn back time, would you do it?

All those moments that you’ve experienced… that makes you who you are today… will you sacrifice them?

If things could have gone differently, would it be better?

Are you willing to take the chance? Are you willing to risk everything?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Everything happened for a reason… and there’s absolutely no such thing as coincidence.

The decision you make today, will determine your future.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

So tell me… how would you live your life today if there’s no more tomorrow?

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;
