---
layout: 2cents-layout
title: Suicide
description: Who cares if one more light goes out in a sky of a million stars?
author: Jessica Christie
featured: false
categories: 2cents
featured_image: https://cdn.pixabay.com/photo/2019/07/21/14/33/falling-4352856_960_720.jpg
seo:
    title: Suicide
    description: Who cares if one more light goes out in a sky of a million stars?
    social_image:
    url: https://pretty-rose.cloudvent.net/posts/2017/suicide
    keywords:
    hide-from-google: false
---
#### A simple word, with a burden too big, and a meaning too deep…

Would you care? Some of you perhaps, but most of you, no. You would even blame them for being too “weak” in your judgement.

Really? Do you really think they’re weak? Those people who committed suicide - they’re weaklings? Don’t you think it takes a lot of courage to end your life? To simply decide that you’ve had enough?

Can you blame them for giving up? Can you blame them for not having the will to go on? Can you blame them for feeling too much?

No. You don’t have the right to do so. It’s not even your place to judge\!

Do you know why they did it? Well, perhaps you do. Perhaps some of them would be thoughtful enough to write a will or a simple letter explaining their reasons, but would you really understand it? Is it really that simple? Once again, no. It’s never that simple, and never will be…

Would you blame yourself if somehow you know or think that you may be one of the reasons why they did it? Would you? Really? Maybe. But I’m not so sure…

You’d ask, why did they do that? Didn’t they care about their families, their friends? Wouldn’t their families and friends got hurt because of their actions? Yes, perhaps.. But some of them don’t even have the families and friends to begin with. And the rest of them who actually had families and friends - well, guess what? On most of the cases, their families and friends just didn’t care enough for them.

Yes. Why do the people who committed suicide have to care about others’ feelings when those certain others don’t even care about them in the first place? Well, maybe they do care… Maybe. But it’s not enough. They just don’t care enough.

But whose to say it’s their fault? Who would’ve thought, right?

Yes.

Who would’ve thought…

&nbsp;
