---
layout: stories-layout
title: Stranger
description:
author: Jessica Christie
featured: false
categories: stories
featured_image: /images/stranger.jpg
seo:
    title: Stranger
    description:
    social_image:
    url:
    keywords:
    hide-from-google: false
---
##### She sees him every day, that stranger.

She really wants to talk to him but she’s scared. Even the idea of standing beside him makes her body goes limp.

A girl tried to talk to him before and he dismissed her without a second glance - a girl who was noticeably prettier than her.

What if he treat her worse than the pretty girl?

She wants to throw away her assumptions, her one sided judgement. She tried reasoning with herself. Maybe he was having a bad day and he just wanted to be alone, but he looks like this every single day, so it was hard to tell.

Her mind and her heart are in a constant raging war. Strange as it seems, their roles often switched. Sometimes her heart wants him and her brain says no. And sometimes her brain says yes but heart is too afraid to be broken again, and it’s literally driving her sanity away.

&nbsp;

He is a stranger. She knows absolutely nothing about him, except for his name. She was beyond lucky to be able to take a quick glance at his name tag before he removed it the other day - the only day he ever forgot to take it off after his work shift.

She googled him, but he didn’t update anything for the past five years - just like her who stopped using her social media after the accident.

She learnt something though… that a girl broke his heart. Perhaps that was the reason why he seems so unapproachable. He doesn’t want to get involved anymore (?)
Oh and she… uh okay, this is a confession - please don’t tell anyone\! She kept his picture. Yes, she did\! Guilty as charged. It is outdated but she doesn’t care. It’s still him anyway.

&nbsp;

He seems like a two sided coin. One side of him is like “Stay away from me, or else. You’ve been warned.” while the other side is like in desperate needs of tender loving care - like he needs it but he wouldn’t acknowledge it, at least that’s what she thinks. The first side is too damn strong, and the latter is left stranded on an island that isn’t even listed on the map.

&nbsp;

Their eyes met once. Once. And it was like they were having a conversation of their own.

He: “What are you looking at?”

She: “I… uh… nothing\! Sorry. Umm.. Can we be friends?”

He: “…”

[awkward silence]

He stared at her for a second longer and then glanced away, so she just sighed and continued her day like nothing happened - like it was only a conversation she conjured up on her mind.

Maybe it was. Maybe it wasn’t. No one could really tell - no one but him.

&nbsp;

There’s something that makes him become her last thought before she falls asleep every single night, and there is definitely something about him that makes her miss him like crazy in the morning, even before she opens her eyes. Something…

She can’t help herself. She’s falling for a total stranger, and it scares the hell out of her. Why him? Why not the person next to him? Or her friends? Anyone, really - anyone but him. So again, why him? She knows she is weird that way, but this is too bizarre even for her.

Perhaps one day she would find the connection.

Perhaps one day she would find courage to talk to him.

Or perhaps one day she would finally shake off her feelings and let go of him.

One day.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Hey stranger…

I can’t miss you - I don’t have the privilege.

Hey strange man…

I can’t have you - I don’t have the right.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

