---
layout: stories-layout
title: Immortal
description: Legend said...
author: Jessica Christie
featured: true
categories: stories
featured_image: https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1572702416711-902ec877386d?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=MnwxMjA3fDB8MHxwaG90by1wYWdlfHx8fGVufDB8fHx8&auto=format&fit=crop&w=1887&q=80
seo:
    title: Immortal
    description: Legend said...
    social_image:
    url: https://pretty-rose.cloudvent.net/posts/2017/immortal
    keywords:
    hide-from-google: false
---
#### Legend said…

There was once a girl, a mere human being, but she was special among the mortals. She pleased the gods with her sweet words. She played musical instruments for them. She amused them with her one of a kind humour and intelligence. Sometimes she even acted as the advisor of the gods, almost like Loki, though she was way smarter than him. So the gods kept her around more so than Loki.

&nbsp;

With her ethereal beauty and words sweeter than honey, she captured the hearts of every creature she met with ease, and so she was loved by the gods and they granted her with immortality. Oh how she craved for it.

&nbsp;

Unfortunately, even the gods could not gazed into someone’s soul. They couldn’t see the darkness inside her, that even the devil himself had a hard time competing. Yes, she was beyond evil - the true tormenter, a deceiver, and the cleverest of them all. She deceived the gods without so much as breaking a sweat, so deceiving her own kind - the mortals, wasn’t even a challenge for her.

&nbsp;

#### Legend said…

The gods could not do anything to stop her torments. They even tried to banish her. But the mortals… The mortals resented the gods for that - for the mortals loved her more than they loved the gods. So the gods abandoned the mortals and punished them for their treachery - the gods let her reigned in the mortal realm…

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Oh, she still reigns here even until now. She is immortal after all. And she’s still walking among us in the mortal realm in different disguises. And us mortals, still worship her, seek for her all the time, without realising the true nature of her, without even knowing that she is an entity of her own - and one of the worst kind. And her name is…

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

### ~~HOPE~~

&nbsp;

