---
layout: poems-layout
title: Day 9
description: 30 Days of Literature
author: Jessica Christie
featured: false
categories: [poems]
featured_image: /images/journey.jpg
seo:
  title: Day 9
  description: 30 Days of Literature
  social_image:
  url:
  twitter_card:
  keywords:
  hide-from-google: false
_comments:
  title: Max 70 characters
  social_image: landscape 1200 x 600px
---
I really am sorry... for everything.

I'm sorry I can't contain these feelings.

I'm sorry I burdened you too much.

I'm sorry I got in your way.

I'm sorry if I ever hurt you.

I'm sorry if I bothered you so.

&nbsp;

I never asked to fall for you.

It wasn't my plan.

It was never my plan.

But it happened... just like that.

&nbsp;

One day I was okay.

The next day you came.

And like a thief, you stole my heart.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

I'm sorry...

I didn't mean for any of these to happen.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

This is a mistake,

you thought.

&nbsp;

She's a freakin' lunatic,

you said.

&nbsp;

I need to stay away from her,

you did.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;


But before you take your leave,

there are some things that you need to know...

&nbsp;

I don't ask you to love me back.

I don't ask you to return my feelings.

I don't ask you to do anything about it.

&nbsp;

Because this love I have for you is unconditional.

&nbsp;

You may hate me.

You may despise me.

You may forget me.

I don't care.

It's your choice, your decision, your freedom.

&nbsp;

I'm not taking anything from you.

No. Not a thing.

&nbsp;

This love is free of charge... only for you.

&nbsp;

But you don't even have to accept it.

Take it for granted or throw it in the trash.

I won't mind.

&nbsp;

I just wish that you'll remember me

not as the girl who was way over herself

but as the girl who loved you with all she had.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

And I sincerely hope...

That one day you'll find someone

who will love you more than I do.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

# What You Don't Know

&nbsp;

&nbsp;
