---
layout: stories-layout
title: Day 6
description: 30 Days of Literature
author: Jessica Christie
featured: false
categories: stories
featured_image: /images/journey.jpg
seo:
  title: Day 6
  description: 30 Days of Literature
  social_image:
  url: https://pretty-rose.cloudvent.net/posts/2018/untitled
  twitter_card:
  keywords:
  hide-from-google: false
_comments:
  title: Max 70 characters
  social_image: landscape 1200 x 600px
---
You locked yourself in the bathroom...

Trying to convince yourself that this wasn't good for you. It was already too late but still you tried to avoid it. You kept on buying your time, so you could escape from it.

He didn't care about you, no matter how many times he said he did. He didn't. He only cared about himself and his ego. He didn't even know the things he did. He only did those because he had to. You were deceived. What could you do?

He asked you to open the door, to let him in. But even that, he didn't ask you whole-heartedly. He asked you to come out because he didn't want to look bad in front of the others. So you didn't open the door. You couldn't do that to yourself. No.

&nbsp;

But then, his dad came and begged you to open the door. So you opened it, half-heartedly, out of respect. And his dad fell on his knees in front of you, and begged you to go through with it - to not let his family be humiliated. The look on his eyes were of distraught, but still you kept your ground - you glanced away. But his dad's voice was still ringing in your head. The pleading was too much and you just couldn't bring your heart to ignore it. So finally you got and walked out of the bathroom, with tears streaming down your face...

His siblings were all mad at you because they thought you were just a stubborn, pampered little drama queen. But when they saw the look on your face, they kept their mouth shut. They just couldn't argue with someone whose face was too painful to see.

Your make up was was ruined but you didn't care. You wanted to show them the real you.. You didn't want to fake it. You wanted them to know your sufferings, even though it was all against your principle - you hated it when someone saw you cry, you hated it when people looked at you with pity in their eyes, you hated your tears. But still you didn't shed it. You let it fell. It was the proof that they need.

&nbsp;

The drive to the hall was full of silent. No one opened their mouth. Everyone was too busy with their own thoughts. And you were too busy pitying and hating yourself...

&nbsp;

You were late. As always. It was against the tradition - to be late on your own party. You were supposed to be there before the guests arrived. But that was their tradition anyway.

Everyone was smiling at you, telling you how pretty you look, but you just couldn't return their smile. Even the effort to stretch your cheek almost made you lose yourself and cried. So you clenched your jaw so tightly that it hurt. Yes, that physical pain at least would distract you from your emotional pain.

Your family told you to smile - that you had to respect the guests and that it would look good in the photo. Oh yes, all the cameras were aiming at you so you got to smile, right? So you smiled. That painful smile of yours. For your whole life, you never knew that a smile could hurt you so bad. But it did. That night you stabbed your own heart with every smile you gave.

&nbsp;

You tried to contain yourself for the rest of the party. But even the food tasted like ashes in your mouth. It felt like you were swallowing piles and piles of bile into your throat. The camera was always aiming at you so you had to keep your manner. After all, you were the center and focus of the party - the queen.

Some of your best friends were there. And you just couldn't be more grateful for their presence - they were willing to waste their time and money just to attend your stupid party, the party that you didn't even want to attend. And it showed. That was the most beautiful photo you had that night. With you and your friends in it... and the guy you despised the most - the king of the party, the newly titled husband of yours.

&nbsp;

## The Wedding You Didn't Want to Attend

&nbsp;
