---
layout: stories-layout
title: Misery
description:
author: Jessica Christie
featured: true
categories: stories
featured_image: https://source.unsplash.com/random?sig=6
seo:
    title: Misery
    description:
    social_image:
    keywords:
    hide-from-google: false
---
She was something else, that woman. Something ethereal. No, not literally of course. Her essence. Yes, that must be it. I can feel it. I know, for I am one, too. She stole my heart from the very first moment she came knocking on my door, freezing from the cold, needing nothing but company. She rarely spoke when she was with me, but every word that came out of her mouth was like a knife through my heart - like she was slapping me with every word she said. Oh, don’t worry. She did it without her knowing. She didn’t realise that she was breaking my heart, and I didn’t have the guts to tell her, for it would only break her even more. She was too fragile - on the verge of losing herself. She was holding onto everything she had left, though there was nothing much anymore, only pieces of her broken heart - her pure, innocent heart that no one ever understood, the heart that she hated so much because it made her weak, too soft, or so she thought. She didn’t know that her heart was absolutely her strength - that it was the only thing that was keeping her from losing herself completely. If only I could tell her that. If only humans could see through each other’s heart. If only humans could see stare into each other’s soul. But damn… even then, they still wouldn’t believe her anyway. They’d always find a way somehow to prove that she was faking everything she did and said, because their mind juust couldn’t comprehend her purity. They’d always be in denial, and she… she would always be alone. Well, not really, no. She has me. I’m always here for her. If her own kind won’t accept her for who she is, I’d be more than happy to welcome her into my embrace. She’d never be alone anymore. She’d always have me. I’d never leave her. Never.

Last week, she was standing on the edge, literally. Some people asked her to open up, to let them in. Oh, she was strong… my lady. She fought her hardest to keep them away, but deep in her heart, there was always a soft spot - the longing to be accepted, and the longing to fit it - even though she was always better standing out. That was what made her so special. She was different, unique. One of a kind, the queen of my heart. So she let them in. It was a little rough for her at first because she hadn’t talk to anyone that much for years. She couldn’t seem to find the perfect words to describe all of her feelings and emotions. Also, she was still too afraid at what they might think of her if she told them everything - all the truth about her. But they were smart, those humans. They let her took her time, slowly, until finally she was pouring all her heart out on a platter. And yes, that night was the longest night for her. The longest talk she ever had in years. All her talk in a year accumulated still couldn’t compete with that very night. I know… because I kept count. So what? Sue me, if you dare.

That night she almost felt free. Almost. Sadly, the time period on human earth is very limited. There was never enough time, and it felt like no matter how much she talked, it was never enough. She just couldn’t explain everything. Morning was coming too fast and she still hadn’t finished her confession. But she thought it was enough, at least for those particular humans, because those humans are her own family, her closest. Well, as close as someone could ever get with her anyway. So she went sleeping with a seed of hope inside her heart, even though deep down she already knew that no one could understand her. But still, that little tricky hope found its way into her heart and mind. The next morning, they were already waiting for her. She couldn’t read their expressions, but that little hope kept nagging at her, so she let it. She hoped - that they would finally understand her, because the previous night when she poured her heart and mind to them, they seemed okay with her. They kept on asking questions and urging and agreeing on things she said, like they actually understood her. But oh, she’d never been so wrong in her life. For that very morning, those people, her own family, stabbed her in the back - figuratively, of course - while smiling their sweetest, and said that it was for her own good. Oh, she didn’t cry when they betrayed her. No. Almost, though. But she swallowed her pain and instead, she laughed. Oh the irony of life… The people who should’ve been her anchor were actually the people who let her down the most. And she laughed it out. Because life is either a tragedy, or a comedy - you either cry it out, or laugh about it. So she chose to laugh, because she was too tired of crying. She knew that no matter how many tears she shed, it still wouldn’t change anything. So why should she waste her time and energy doing something so useless as crying? She didn’t even want to think about it, because she knew it would only hurt her even more. But that day, she lost her faith in humanity.

That night she sat alone in the darkness of her room, staring into nothingness, lost inside her head. That look on her face was so heart-breaking. The emptiness in her eyes was too deep that I almost lost myself inside them. But the more I looked into her eyes, the more I saw that it wasn’t emptiness at all. I was staring into a galaxy - so vast and mesmerising. I could stare into them for hours, learning the mystery of the universe. She had seen so much - her eyes. In that moment I realised that I was actually staring into her heart - the heart that I adored so much, the heart that never ceased to amaze me, the heart that had been hurt too many times but still held so many wonders, too much love. It’s fascinating, really. I felt sorry for her. That she had to endure all those pain and sufferings alone. If only I could steal her pain away.

That night, in the silence and in the darkness of her room, I whispered my vow to her - promised her - that I would never leave her, that I would always be by her side. That night I embraced her into the coldness of my heart, and we finally became one. Together, forever.

###### I am Misery, and she is the company I love the most.
