---
layout: 2cents-layout
title: Unique
description: 
author: Jessica Christie
featured: false
categories: [2cents]
featured_image: /images/unique.jpg
seo: 
    title: Unique
    description: 
    social_image: /images/unique.jpg
    twitter_card:
    twitter_image: /images/unique.jpg
    url:
    keywords: jessica christie, blog, thoughts, unique, special, stand out, be yourself, different
    hide-from-google: false
---
There was a time when I was hanging out with a group of friends, just goofing around and stuff, and one of them was staring at me intently, like trying to figure me out, and then he said,

&nbsp;

"This girl... [pointing at me] is so unique huh?"

&nbsp;

I was baffled at the completely random statement, but then my reaction was shouting "THANK YOU!" excitedly. (I don't know about you, but for me, that is like the best compliment someone can say to me!)

&nbsp;

But then my other friend looked puzzled at my reaction and he asked,

&nbsp;

"Huh? You're happy? Someone just said you're so different, and you're happy? If someone said that to me, I'd feel ashamed..."

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

Well honestly, I was completely taken aback with his response.

Not that I think that I shouldn't be happy or that the statement my friend said about me being unique wasn't supposed to be a compliment.

I was just surprised that some people really do think that being different is a bad thing, and that they'll be happy if others say that they're all the same.

For me, being the same as everyone else is boring and kind of forgettable.

Just look at twins with similar faces ― if their personalities are all the same like their appereances, then how are we supposed to know which one is who? People will have a really hard time remembering who is who.

&nbsp;

We all need to realise that everyone is different and unique in their own way, and start to appreciate those differences.

And actually, it's not really about being different. It's about being yourself.

Don't ever be afraid to be yourself, because you are supposed to be you, not someone else.

As long as it's not against the law and regulation, you're good to go.

And if the people around you won't accept you for who you are, still stand your ground and stand out from the crowd, so the right people will notice and come along.

Keep in mind that there are people who are good for you, and people who aren't good for you. And unfortunately, family doesn't always fall in the first category.

Always remember, only dead fish goes with the flow.

&nbsp;

&nbsp;

&nbsp;
